[MUSIC]
>> Scott: So now we're gonna talk about
the different routing strategies in React.
And then the one that we're gonna use.
So when you think of a mobile
app compared to a web app,
routing is totally different.
It's not even the same.
There's completely different ways to route
but React Native actually standardized,
I wouldn't say standardized.
It actually brought over the way you
route from the web over to mobile.
The only issue is that they created
a navigation library when React Native
first came out and it was not,
I don't wanna say it was horrible,
it was just people didn't like it.
It wasn't that good.
And I don't know if it was because they
were expecting it to be more like the web
or if it was just,
we expected more like mobile.
I don't know, people just didn't like it.
But it's still in its React Native and
then couple months ago they
actually started working on a new version
of it, and that's actually in there too.
It's not really documented but it's in
Reactive Native and you can use it.
So some people have taken that and
built their own routers on top of that,
which are actually pretty neat.
But because of the state of navigation
in React Native at this point and
there's really not
a standard way of doing it.
Yeah, you can use the one that
React Native provides but it's not the one
the community wants, and the community's
still kind of making which ones they want.
I decide to go with a tab navigation.
So that we can avoid all
of the routing mess and
just use tabs, which is a lot easier and
a lot more appropriate for this app.
So we're gonna use tabs and
there's a couple ways we can do it.
If we go look
at the docs.
Who here has build Native Android apps?
I think I asked this yesterday.
Nobody?
So there's this thing in
Native Android called a, what is it?
A view pager?
Yeah.
Which is more like,
it's just like a slide.
Have you ever been on an app and
you get to the intro screen and
you're just swiping through
this intro of the app.
And then you can play it,
it's like a view pager.
So Android has this stuff
kind of built in and
most Android apps have really
sophisticated tab interfaces.
And iOS, actually the UI kit,
I forgot what version has a really
has really sweet tab interfaces too.
So what they did was they try to
standardize that, but the one React Native
provides actually wasn't,
I didn't think it was that extendable.
So somebody created this really,
really awesome one,
which is the one that we're gonna use.
And it's called
react-native-scrollable-tab-view
as really legit.
And what I think is really cool about
it is that is actually built in a 100%
JavaScript.
There's no Native components for this.
So, it's not wrapping like
the Native tab interface for IOS or
the Native tab interface for Android,
it's purely JavaScript, which is amazing.
And that's why I really like React Native
because you can just make everything in
JavaScript that immediately works for
Android and IOS.
Or you can grab the Native
version of IOS and wrap it and
grab the Native Android version and
wrap it.
It's totally up to you because
the performance in JavaScript is
actually pretty good.
So it's totally fine.
So this person decided to use 100%
JavaScript, which I think is amazing.
If you look at the source code,
it's actually pretty good.
And it looks like this, it's animated,
and it's scrolling and it's legit.
So I'm just gonna walk through how
to add this to the todo app, and
what you're gonna do is add
this to the Sweat Book app.